Enhance the pointers and touches handling (#1256)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/routed-events.md

There's a strange behavior in UWP where you can switch back the `event.Handle` to `false` when
intercepted by a handler with `handledEventsToo: true`. In UWP the event will continue to bubble normally.
Trying to do this in Uno can lead to unreliable results.

## Pointer Events

Those events are the base for all others pointing device related events (i.e. Manipulation and Gesture events).
They are directly linked to the native events of each platform:
* `Touches[Began|Moved|Ended|Cancelled]` on iOS
* `dispatchTouchEvent` and `dispatchGenericMotionEvent` on Android
* `pointer[enter|leave|down|up|move|cancel]` on WebAssembly

### Pointers events and the ScrollViewer

> Like on WinUI as soon as the system detects that you want to scroll, you get a `PointerCancelled` and you won't receive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like on WinUI as soon as the system detects that the user wants to scroll, a control gets a `PointerCancelled` and that control won't receive
```

> any other pointer event until the user release the pointer. You can prevent this behavior by setting the `ManipulationMode` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any other pointer event until the user release the pointer. That behavior can be prevented by setting the `ManipulationMode` 
```

to something else than `System` on a control nested in the `ScrollViewer`. (cf. [Manipulation events](#Manipulation_Events))

Be aware that on iOS this will set `DelaysContentTouches` to `false` so it means that it will slightly reduce the performance

> of the scrolling (cf. [docuemntation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiscrollview/1619398-delayscontenttouches)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the scrolling (cf. [documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiscrollview/1619398-delayscontenttouches)).
```

> ### Known limitation for pointer events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known limitations for pointer events
```

> As those events are tightly coupled to the native events, we had to made some compromises:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As those events are tightly coupled to the native events, Uno has to make some compromises:
```

* On iOS, when tapping with a mouse or a pen on Android, or in few other specific cases (like `PointerCaptureLost`), 
  multiple managed events are raised from a single native event. These have multiple effects:
	* On UWP if you have a control A and a nested control B, you will get:
		```
		B.PointerEnter
		A.PointerEnter
		B.PointerPressed
		A.PointerPressed
		```
	  but with UNO you will get:
		```
		B.PointerEnter
		B.PointerPressed
		A.PointerEnter
		A.PointerPressed
		```
	* If you handle the `PointerEnter` on **B**, the parent control **A** won't get the `PointerEnter` (as expected) nor the  `PointerPressed`.
* On Android with a mouse or a pen, the `PointerEnter` and `PointerExit` are going to be raised without taking clipping in consideration.
  This means that you will get the enter earlier and the exit later than on orther platform.

> * On Android if you have an element with a `RenderTransform` which overlaps one of its sibling element, the elemnt on the top will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On Android if you have an element with a `RenderTransform` which overlaps one of its sibling element, the element at the top will
```

  get the pointer events.

> * On WASM, iOS and Android, the `RoutedPointerEventArgs.FrameId` will be resetted to 0 after 49 days of running time of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On WASM, iOS and Android, the `RoutedPointerEventArgs.FrameId` will be reset to 0 after 49 days of running time of the application.
```

* Unlike on UWP, controls that are under a `Popup` won't receive the unhandled pointer events.
* Unlike UWP, it's impossible to receive a `PointerReleased` without getting a `PointerPressed` before. (For instance if a child 

>   control handled the pressed but not the released).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  control handled the pressed event but not the released event).
```

  > On WASM as `TextElement` are `UIElement`, it means that unlike UWP `TextBlock` won't raise the 
  > a `PointerReleased` when clicking on an `Hyperlink`.
* Unlike UWP, on the `Hyperlink` the `Click` will be raised before the `PointerReleased`.

### Pointer capture

> Capture of pointer is handle in managed code only. On WebAssembly we hoewever still requested to the browser to capture the pointer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The capture of pointer is handled in managed code only. On WebAssembly Uno however still requests the browser to capture the pointer,
```

> but we do not rely on native `[got|lost]pointercapture` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but Uno does not rely on native `[got|lost]pointercapture` events.
```

## Manipulation Events

Those events are not yet implemented, but they will be generated from the PointerXXX events (using the `Windows.UI.Input.GestureRecognizer`),
so they will be bubbling in managed only.

## Gesture Events

They are generated from the PointerXXX events (using the `Windows.UI.Input.GestureRecognizer`) and are bubbling in managed only.

> Currently only the `Tapped` and `DoubleTapped` gestures are supported. Note that those events are not linked in anyway to native equivalent, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently only the `Tapped` and `DoubleTapped` gestures are supported. Note that those events are not linked in any way to a native equivalent, 
```
